Include Big(U)Int64Array in TypedArray bytes_per_element/name (#17788)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/typedarray/name/index.md

## Description

> `TypedArray` objects differ from each other in the number of bytes per element and in the way the bytes are interpreted. The `name` property describes what data type the array consists of. The first part can be `Int` for _integer_, `Uint` for an _unsigned integer_, `BigInt` for _{{jsxref("BigInt")}}_, `BigUint` for _unsigned `BigInt`_, or `Float` for _floating point_. The second part is a number describing the bit size of each element. Finally, the name terminates with `Array` or `ClampedArray`. {{jsxref("Uint8ClampedArray")}} has details about _clamped arrays_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TypedArray` objects differ from each other in the number of bytes per element and in the way the bytes are interpreted. The `name` property describes what data type the array consists of. The first part can be `Int` for _integer_ (specially, `BigInt` for 64-bit integers), `Uint` for _unsigned integer_ (specially, `BigUint` for 64-bit unsigned integers), or `Float` for _floating point_. The second part is a number describing the bit size of each element. Finally, the name terminates with `Array` or `ClampedArray`. {{jsxref("Uint8ClampedArray")}} has details about _clamped arrays_.
```
```suggestion
`TypedArray` objects differ from each other in the number of bytes per element and in the way the bytes are interpreted. The `name` property describes what data type the array consists of. The first part can be `Int` for _integer_, `Uint` for an _unsigned integer_, `BigInt` for _{{jsxref("BigInt")}}_, `BigUint` for _unsigned `BigInt`_, or `Float` for _floating point_. The second part is a number describing the bit size of each element. Finally, the name terminates with `Array` or `ClampedArray`. {{jsxref("Uint8ClampedArray")}} has details about _clamped arrays_.
```

Reviewer: Yes, because it's only a special case, i.e. we could have gone for `Int` all the way, but we can't because `Int64` would overflow JS integer precision. In programmatic language it's like this:

```js
let firstPart = oneOf("Int", "Uint", "Float");
const secondPart = oneOf(8, 16, 32, 64);
if (width === 64) firstPart = "Big" + firstPart;
return firstPart + secondPart;
```

Can't find a better way to describe this...

Reviewer: Yeah, that's the idea. `Big` is not arbitrarily prefixed to any data type and width—only as a special case for `Int64`.

> `TypedArray` objects differ from each other in the number of bytes per element and in the way the bytes are interpreted. The `name` property describes of what data type the array consists. The first part can be `Int` for "integer" or `Uint` for an "unsigned integer", also `Float` for "floating point" is used. The second part is a number describing the bit-size of the array. The array name can also start with `Big` to indicate that the values are {{jsxref("BigInt")}}. Finally, the object type is `Array`, with `ClampedArray` as a special case. Please see {{jsxref("Uint8ClampedArray")}} for more details.

Reviewer: This is weird, since there's no "BigFloat". `BigInt` should be compared to `Int`/`Uint` as a whole. I don't have concrete suggestions on how to rephrase this, though.

Reviewer 2: What about:
```suggestion
`TypedArray` objects differ from each other in the number of bytes per element and in the way the bytes are interpreted. The `name` property describes what data type the array consists of. The name consists of three parts, and eventually a prefix. The first part can be `Int` for _integer_, `Uint` for an _unsigned integer_, or `Float` for _floating point_. The second part is a number describing the bit size of the array. Finally, the name terminates with `Array` or `ClampedArray`. {{jsxref("Uint8ClampedArray")}} has details about _clamped arrays_. In addition, for 'Int` and `UInt` only, the array name can also be prefixed with `Big` to indicate that the values are {{jsxref("BigInt")}}.
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, you are right. Having the five prefixes seems better.

Reviewer: I think we should just separate the typed arrays into "float" and "int". For "int", there are only 8, 16, and 32 bits, because 64 bits cannot be stored in a JS integer, so it has to be a BigInt.
